ldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldldThe Photic Sneeze Reflex is a condition that causes sneezing in response to looking at bright lights. The condition affects 18–35% of the world's population.there is an emotional support alligator named Wally who comforts the elderly and children that have disabilities.fter seven years of planning about 10,000 visitors converged to witness the grand opening of Walt Disney World. One paper even predicted 200,000 people would show.when the Unknown Warrior was laid to rest 'among the kings' in Westminster Abbey, the guests of honor were a group of about one hundred women. They had been chosen because they had each lost their husband and all their sons in the war.Spiders change their web day to day, which can be explained by bees' ability to remember web patterns. Bees are able to associate a certain pattern with a spatial location, meaning the spider must spin a new pattern regularly or suffer diminishing prey capture.in the poultry industry, *ALL* male chicks are killed immediately after hatching. This is because they can't lay eggs and their meat isn't tasty.in the middle of WW2, Adolf Hitler's deputy flew solo to Scotland to negotiate peace with the UK. He was taken prisoner and eventually convicted of crimes against peace, serving a life sentence until his suicide.dagger in King Tutankhamun's tomb was made with iron from a meteorite. Ironwork was rare in ancient Egypt, and the dagger’s metal had not rusted. Researchers who analysed metal composition of dagger within wrapping of mummified teenage king say it ‘strongly suggests an extraterrestrial origin’.in the Ancient Egyptian creation myth, Atum was considered to be the first god, having created himself, sitting on a mound, from the primordial waters. Atum did so through masturbation, with the hand he used in this act representing the female principle inherent within him.Former NBA player Shawn Bradley was fined for not attending a mandatory team meeting at a strip clubQueen Elizabeth II has had a lifelong love for Corgi dogs. She was gifted her 1st Corgi, “Susan,” in 1944 for her 18th b-day. Since ascending to the throne in 1952, Queen Elizabeth had over 30 Corgis, all descendants of her 1st Corgi Susan. The last descendant died 74 years later, in 2018.on the 'Hateful Eight' set, Kurt Russel smashed a 145 year old Martin guitar worth $40,000 instead of one of the half dozen replicas he was supposed to.Danny DeVito is the human version of the Red M&amp;Mthere is a golf course straddling the USA-Canada border, with the entry on USA but most of the course in Canadain 2008, fossilized ink sacs we recovered from preserved remains of Belemnotheutis cephalopods. Mixed with ammonia solution, the team was able to return the ink to its liquid form and used the ~150 million year old ink to draw a replica of of the original illustration of Belemnotheutis.e term "Caucasian" is supposed to be the term for people of the Caucasus region. It is postulated that the natives of the Caucasus exhibited the idealized physical appearance so the Caucasus were believed to be the birthplace of mankind, which is white people are called "Caucasian"Adolf Hitler passed more laws promoting gun ownership than any other German Government before himif you look at a white background on an LCD screen you should be able to see a very faint little yellow and blue cross (which rotates as you tilt your head side to side), due to humans being weakly sensitive to polarised light.when a random raccoon died in Toronto, people started paying their respects to it and build a small memorial with flowers and candles, even a picture, until the city took away the raccoon corpse.“Won’t You Come Over to My House,” one of Michigan J. Frog’s songs in the Looney Tunes classic “One Froggy Evening,” isn’t a romantic invitation but a really sad lullaby.That There Is A Human Language Made Up Of Just Whistling.eVar Burton directed the 1999 Disney Channel Original Movie ‘Smart House.’about rock &amp; roll pioneer Bo Diddley's trademark guitar. Its rectangular design occured to him when, while jumping around on stage, he landed awkwardly, hurting his groin. Bo then went about designing a smaller, less restrictive guitar that allowed him to keep jumping around while still playing.Deer–vehicle collisions lead to about 200 human deaths and $1.1 billion in property damage every year.